reference/configuration: update tikv configuration file (#2279)
pingcap/docs: reference/configuration/tikv-server/configuration-file.md

+ Default value: `2GB`
+ Unite: MB|GB

## storage.block-cache

> Configuration items related to block cache and shared by RocksDB column families. When these configuration items are enabled, block cache separately configured for each column family is disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration items related to the sharing of block cache among multiple RocksDB Column Families (CF). When these configuration items are enabled, block cache separately configured for each column family is disabled.
```

### `shared`

+ Enables or disables the sharing of block cache.

> + Default value: `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Default value: `true`
```

### `capacity`

+ The size of the shared block cache.

> + Default value: 45% of the size of total system memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Default value: 45% of the size of total system memory
```

> + Unite: KB|MB|GB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Unit: KB|MB|GB
```

+ Minimum value: `0`
+ Unit: KB|MB|GB

### `blob-run-mode`

+ Specifies the running mode of Titan.

> + Available values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Optional values:
```

    + `normal`: Writes data to the blob file when the value size exceeds `min-blob-size`.

>     + `read_only`: Reads the original data in the blob file, but refuses to write new data to the blob file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    + `read_only`: Refuses to write new data to the blob file, but still reads the original data from the blob file.
```

    + `fallback`: Writes data in the blob file back to LSM.
+ Default value: `normal`

### `level-merge`

+ Determines whether to optimize the read performance. When `level-merge` is enabled, there is more write amplification.
+ Default value: `true`

### `gc-merge-rewrite`

> + Determines whether to write back Titan GC using the merge operator. When `gc-merge-rewrite` is enabled, it reduces the effect of Titan GC on the writes in the foreground.

Reviewer: The original Chinese `是否开启使用 merge operator 来进行 Titan GC 写回操作，减少 Titan GC 对于前台写入的影响。` is not clear. @Connor1996 PTAL

> + Determines whether to write back Titan GC using the merge operator. When `gc-merge-rewrite` is enabled, it reduces the effect of Titan GC on the writes in the foreground.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+ Determines whether to use the merge operator to write back blob indexes for Titan GC. When `gc-merge-rewrite` is enabled, it reduces the effect of Titan GC on the writes in the foreground.
```
